Updates the landing page (#719)
buildpacks/docs: content/docs/_index.md

summary="Get started with Cloud Native Buildpacks."
+++

## Welcome

Cloud Native Buildpacks (CNBs) transform your application source code into [container images](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/spec.md) that can run on any cloud.

With buildpacks, organizations can concentrate the knowledge of container build best practices within a specialized team, instead of having application developers across the organization individually maintain their own Dockerfiles. This makes it easier to know what is inside application images, enforce security and compliance requirements, and perform upgrades with minimal effort and intervention.

The CNB project was initiated by Pivotal and Heroku in January 2018 and joined the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) as an Apache-2.0 licensed project in October 2018. It is currently an incubating project within the CNCF.

---

## Tutorials

* [An App’s Brief Journey from Source to Image](/docs/app-journey/) - An easy-to-follow introduction to Cloud Native Buildpacks using `pack`, a command line tool for Cloud Native Buildpacks.

> * [How to write a basic buildpack](/docs/for-buildpack-authors/tutorials/basic-buildpack) - A tutorial walking through the creation of a simple Ruby buildpack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [How to write a basic buildpack](/docs/for-buildpack-authors/tutorials/basic-buildpack) - A tutorial walking through the creation of an example NodeJS buildpack.
```

I personally dislike the word "simple".  When I read that something should be "simple" and if I don't understand it, then I feel like an idiot.

Author: Updated
